# Charity-Management-System
Purpose It facilitates the work of the warehouse (storage room) of a charity that supplies people in need such as orphans or refugees. It will convert all the paperwork into the database of the system which will get the job done easier. It will control everything happening in the storage room starting from the products that are being added in the warehouse until giving it to people In need and removed from the warehouse to having all the data in front of you and giving feedback and full analysis to the user whenever he requests it from the system. The system notifies the users and the cases that their data is stored in the system if a new event has been added to the system so that they can participate in this new event. 1.2 Scope The system aims to make it easy for the user to add data when a case arrives at the organization and asks for an item from the organization that it needs. In order to help any case the organization needs to record the data about every single person that arrives at the organization and need an item from so the system makes it easy to record those data to the system instead of the paperwork by adding those data to the system, the user will be able to know if this cases came before to the organization or not because the organization gives for every single case one item only to help this case also the user can print every single data has been added to the system to have paper proof of the accepted transaction. As there is an admin that approves every single item that has been decreased from the storage and there is a Warehouse documenter that adds the data for every case that visits the organization. Also, the system notifies the users and the subscribers in the system that if there are events or if a new event is been added to the system, the system can give reports to the users as if the warehouse is missing an item in it and there are at least one request that has been added to this item. The user can print an invoice for any transaction for any case that requested an item
